Friday 10-6
-----------------------------------------
Monday 10-9
	Andrew 1:1
		Andrew to give Josh list of responsibilities for transition
		Josh to ask Bob about spot bonus, title change, etc. New Ventures. Salary 

	Content Weekly/CARI Internal Agreement
		No round robin
		Talking about things where we can cross colloborate
			example: Wellness: who Ben can work with
			Rules of the road
			Roles and responsibilities: 
				Ben: market research - insights we produce. Greenlight meetings. Entry points - currate catalog. How to I get . better books in catalog. what titles to add?
				
				Josh/Sascha - bring it back to greenlight. CARI
				
				Josh - subject matter expert: COGS/Deals, New Market Opportunities. Catalog - Genres popularities. Bottleneck. 4 Resources, US Content Intelligence from a tactical standpoint, New Ventures. Need a prioritization queue 

				Content for CARI - content data. Sascha workstream - support and which metrics to develop in the long run. Designed new table. Q/A? support on requirement side. what's the SQL. Requirements and testing. Bonny should own Q/A strategy.

	Patti 1:1
		Patti to send Sascha and Bob example report for CARI
		Patti to take on metadata requests - Josh informed Hakime

	Josh to Do: Read Bob's email with attachment on CARI for Friday

------------------------------------------------------------------
Tuesday 10-10

	Hector 1:1
	Bob 1:1
		
		Andrew: deadlines, strategy disuccsion. focus less on quantity.
		
		Stop the queue for Patti. doesn't drive the content and team. more than 35% marketing metrics. Opportunity to make it more COntent focus. not helpful. Sascha get this in CARI. something that we are doing 3 and 4 times, push to CARI.
		
		New Ventures and Conten BI: Setup process of queue: how and when to meet. Run a team of one. Processes - learn. Timing and pre-groom.
		
		Andy Meeting: Broach a topic (thinking of researching x,y,z)
			Outcomes of merch meeting: plan for whatever comes out of meeting
			Deal model Prioritization
			iTunes: Putting ideas down (paragraph) and what are open questions for iTunes. Beth asked us to run with it - do you want us to spend time on it.

	Beth Staff Meeting
		100% of Sameer's time is on Romance. Launch is end of October. We'll be able to report # of members and 
			
		Pricing based on run time schedule. keep COGS flat but reduce RB royaltie by 1.4m per quarter. Benefits Brilliance by 1m. Keeps Audible Studios flat. RB taking advantage of high ALC (AL roy pmts = ALC*AL Factor)
		
		HP QBR

		Stacy - New to team: adaption, variation and extensions. In between originals and ADBL premium.

		Stover and Lang were promoted.

-----------------------------------------------
Wednesday 10-11
	To-do: 
		Gather team deliverables for Friday meeting
			Andrew: paper on pricing
			Josh: future updates to deal model/deal model prioritization
			Sameer: nada
			Patti: nada

		Read Notes on CARI from Bob

	Merch BI/DS
		Comps process:
			how can we improve it from a long term but more importantly for this discussion, in the short-term. Need a working group. Can we leverage clustering, can we use book DNA, can we automate current sales info by master pivot where you can dice up the catalog by genre, run time, release date, etc? Separate discussion on promo tiers

		Give tier support? Content matters. Process, person takes a look at comps. similar to. Indexing print to audio, privot tables.

Thursday 10-12
	Notes on CARI email from Bonny
		Bonny: Content SME on CARI: work estimate as it relates to sprints. Using Acquisition as basis
			What's in the scope of SME vs. not?
			She doesn't have resource or expertise like Nick or Puja who was more focused with acquisition
			Currently path is blocked
			"THIS CANNONT BE SOMEONE THAT SWAPS IN AND OUT"

		Sascha POV: 1FTE to support Sascha
			work needs to be split and people will need to be in and out. 
			POV: Bonny needs to ensure smooth project flow and should be the PM
			POV: Ensure early communincation on resources  

		My view: Bonny needs to define Q/A process: 
			Strategy is that we’ll take it on but need to be more realistic with timing and PI planning since we can’t dedicate a full-time Content analyst who is on-demand. Also, Bonny owns the PM/process aspect. Need two weeks lead time.

			I see over 60 use cases which equates to months of work for a functional person. 
 
			Bob – Confirming that our strategy is that we’ll take it on but need to be more realistic with timing and PI planning since we can’t dedicate a full-time Content analyst who is on-demand. Also, Bonny owns the PM/process aspect.
 
	Prep for Andy Meeting
		Comps
		Send out AC stuff

	Beth Staff Meeting: if we adjust ECC, can we make an informed guess of where prices will end up? If we reduce ecc by x, what will the resulting price be?	
